README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

prepped the repo for open-sourcing

README.md, after:

![Splash](/public/orels-tips-splash.png?raw=true)

> My personal dumping ground for all the random pieces of knowledge I find and discover myself. I have always collected things like this, but they have become too spread out over the years. This place is meant to be an organized spot for that

Where possible - I include the name of the person who shared the tip/guide somewhere that isn't linkable. Otherwise - I try to link directly to the source.

Hope you find this useful!

## Contributing

- Fork the repo
- Add a new `.mdx` file in the `app/_tips` folder
- Make sure to add the frontmatter at the top of the file like the rest of the tips
- Open a PR

## Running Locally

This project is using [NextJS](https://nextjs.org). Which is a pretty easy to use React framework. To run locally:

- Clone the repo
- Install dependencies, e.g. with npm: `npm install`
- Generate the content map: `npm run map-content`
- Run the dev server: `npm run dev`
- You will get the URL to open in your browser in the terminal, usually `http://localhost:3000`
- You should be good to go

## Deploying

Deploying is done automatically on push via Vercel
